adding a security monitoring section to docs (#6092)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/security_monitoring/explorer.md

---
title: Security Signals Explorer
kind: documentation
description: "Search through all of your security signals and perform Security Analytics"
further_reading:
  - link: "https://www.datadoghq.com/blog/announcing-security-monitoring/"
    tag: "Blog"
    text: "Security Monitoring"
  - link: "/security_monitoring/detection_rules"
    tag: "Documentation"
    text: "Detection Rules"
---

From the Security Signals Explorer, you can triage security signals.

{{< img src="security_monitoring/explorer/security_signals_explorer_view.png" alt="Security Signals Explorer view" responsive="true" >}}

In this view, you can:

* [Build a context](#context) to explore your Security Signals.
* [Visualize your Security Signals](#visualization) as a filtered Security Signals table or Security Signals Analytics.

> * [Share the content](#share-views) of your Security Signal Explorer view to another page within or outside of Datadog.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Inspect a security signal in the [Security Signal Panel](#security-signal-panel)
```

{{< img src="security_monitoring/explorer/search_your_signals.png" alt="Search your signals" responsive="true" >}}

### Share views

Export your current security signal visualization with the *share* functionality:

{{< img src="security_monitoring/explorer/share_security_signals_view.png" alt="Share Security Signals view" responsive="true" style="width:60%;">}}

Use the *share* button to send your current Security Signal explorer view to a team member.

## Visualization

Switch between the Security Signals Table and the Security Signals Analytics modes by clicking on the *Signal Mode* button in the upper left corner of the page:

{{< img src="security_monitoring/explorer/visualization_switch.png" alt="Visualization switch" responsive="true" style="width:50%;">}}

The Security Signals Table displays the list of signals that match the selected context. A context is defined by a [search bar](#search) filter and a [time range](#time-range).

### Security Signals Table

The Security Signals search results are displayed in the Security Signals Table.

> Configure the content of your Security Signals Table according to your needs and preferences with the **Options** button. Only faceted attributes are available for columns.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configure the content of your Security Signals Table according to your needs and preferences with the **Options** button. All signal attributes are available for columns.
```

Security Signal results are sorted by date—the most recent on top by default. You can also inverse-sort by date, with the least recent (within the limits of the time range) on top.

{{< img src="security_monitoring/explorer/configure_display_table.png" alt="Configure Display Table" responsive="true" style="width:50%;">}}

### Security Signal Panel

Click on any Security Signal to open the Security Signal Panel and see more details about it: signal creation date, first seen date, last seen date, classification, tags, security signal message, and the samples that triggered the Security Signal.

{{< img src="security_monitoring/explorer/panel.png" alt="Security Signal Panel" responsive="true" style="width:80%;">}}

#### Explanation of the above example

- **Severity**: The `HIGH` indicator in the top left denotes the severity of the highest case matched.

> - **Signal generation time**: Located to the right of the severity indicator, this denotes when any of the cases first matched. It is not updated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Signal generation time**: Located to the right of the severity indicator, this denotes when any of the cases first matched. It is never updated.
```

---
title: Security Signals Explorer
kind: documentation
description: "Search through all of your security signals and perform Security Analytics"
further_reading:
  - link: "https://www.datadoghq.com/blog/announcing-security-monitoring/"
    tag: "Blog"
    text: "Security Monitoring"
  - link: "/security_monitoring/detection_rules"
    tag: "Documentation"
    text: "Detection Rules"
---

From the Security Signals Explorer, you can triage security signals.

{{< img src="security_monitoring/explorer/security_signals_explorer_view.png" alt="Security Signals Explorer view" responsive="true" >}}

In this view, you can:

* [Build a context](#context) to explore your Security Signals.

> * [Visualize your logs](#visualization) as a filtered Security Signals table or Security Signals Analytics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Visualize your Security Signals](#visualization) as a filtered Security Signals table or Security Signals Analytics.
```

* [Share the content](#share-views) of your Security Signal Explorer view to another page within or outside of Datadog.

## Context

> Build up a context to explore your signals in your Security Signals Explorer view. First, select the proper time range. Then, use the search bar to filter your signals.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Build up a context to explore your signals in your Security Signals Explorer view. First, select the proper time range. Then, use the [search](#search) bar to filter your signals.
```

### Time range

The time range feature allows you to display signals in the Security Signals Search or Security Signal Analytics views within a given time period. It appears directly under the search bar as a timeline. 

Quickly change the time range by selecting a preset range from the dropdown:

{{< img src="security_monitoring/explorer/timerange.png" alt="Time range" responsive="true" >}}

### Search

Use facets on entities, tags, or even [free text search][1] to filter your Security Signals Search or Security Signal Analytics with dedicated context. The search bar and url automatically reflect your selections.

{{< img src="security_monitoring/explorer/search_your_signals.png" alt="Search your signals" responsive="true" >}}

### Share views

Export your current security signal visualization with the *share* functionality:

{{< img src="security_monitoring/explorer/share_security_signals_view.png" alt="Share Security Signals view" responsive="true" style="width:60%;">}}

> Use the *share* button to send your current log explorer view to a team member.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the *share* button to send your current Security Signal explorer view to a team member.
```

## Visualization

> Switch between the Security Signals Search and the Security Signals Analytics modes by clicking on the *Signal Mode* button in the upper left corner of the page:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Switch between the Security Signals Table and the Security Signals Analytics modes by clicking on the *Signal Mode* button in the upper left corner of the page:
```

{{< img src="security_monitoring/explorer/visualization_switch.png" alt="Visualization switch" responsive="true" style="width:50%;">}}

> The Security Signals Search is the list of signals that match the selected context. A context is defined by a [search bar](#search) filter and a [time range](#time-range).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Security Signals Table displays the list of signals that match the selected context. A context is defined by a [search bar](#search) filter and a [time range](#time-range).
```

### Security Signals Table

> The Security Signals Search is displayed in the Security Signals table.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Security Signals search results are displayed in the Security Signals Table.
```

Configure the content of your Security Signals Table according to your needs and preferences with the **Options** button. Only faceted attributes are available for columns.

Security Signal results are sorted by date—the most recent on top by default. You can also inverse-sort by date, with the least recent (within the limits of the time range) on top.

{{< img src="security_monitoring/explorer/configure_display_table.png" alt="Configure Display Table" responsive="true" style="width:50%;">}}

### Security Signal Panel

Click on any Security Signal to open the Security Signal Panel and see more details about it: signal creation date, first seen date, last seen date, classification, tags, security signal message, and the samples that triggered the Security Signal.
 

> Use the **Share** button to share the log opened in side panel to other contexts. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the **Share** button to share the Security Signal opened in side panel to a team member or any other Datadog notification integration. 
```
